[nix] Add new flake workflow (#2673)
kframework/k: README.md

```
experimental-features = nix-command flakes
```

This is needed to expose the Nix 2.0 CLI and flakes support that are hidden behind feature-flags.

By default, Nix will build the project and its transitive dependencies from
source, which can take up to an hour. We recommend setting up
[the binary cache](https://app.cachix.org/cache/kore) to speed up the build
process significantly. You will also need to add the following sections to `/etc/nix/nix.conf` or, if you are a trusted user, `~/.config/nix/nix.conf` (if you don't know what a "trusted user" is, you probably want to do the former):

```
trusted-public-keys = ... hydra.iohk.io:f/Ea+s+dFdN+3Y/G+FDgSq+a5NEWhJGzdjvKNGv0/EQ=
substituters = ... https://cache.iog.io
```

i.e. if the file was originally

```
substituters = https://cache.nixos.org
trusted-public-keys = cache.nixos.org-1:6NCHdD59X431o0gWypbMrAURkbJ16ZPMQFGspcDShjY=
```

it will now read

```
substituters = https://cache.nixos.org https://cache.iog.io
trusted-public-keys = cache.nixos.org-1:6NCHdD59X431o0gWypbMrAURkbJ16ZPMQFGspcDShjY= hydra.iohk.io:f/Ea+s+dFdN+3Y/G+FDgSq+a5NEWhJGzdjvKNGv0/EQ=
```

To build the K Framework itself, run:

```bash
nix build .

> ```

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning the `GC_DONT_GC` issue here?

Author: yeah good idea

> This will build all of K and put a link to the resultingbinaries in the `result/` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will build all of K and put a link to the resulting binaries in the `result/` folder.
```

If you want to temporarily add the K binaries (such as `kompile` or `kast`) to the current shell, run

```bash
nix shell .
```

To run the integration tests:

```
nix build .#test
```

If you change any `pom.xml`, you must run 

```
nix run .#update-maven
```

and commit the updated `nix/mavenix.lock` file.

> ## Building with Nix

Reviewer 3: This is the old way to build with Nix? Can we say "not recommended" here to point them at the other one which is recommended?
